feat: Added a small tip for kernel modules with EIB (#970)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/tips/eib.adoc

  * {aarch64} systems (such as Apple Silicon) to build SL Micro `aarch64` images
  * {x86-64} systems to build SL Micro `x86_64` images.

== SUSE Linux Micro

> - Loading kernel modules at boot can be done using the corresponding `/etc/modprobe.d/module.conf` file. Using `Edge Image Builder`, the corresponding `os-files` file can be created as:

Reviewer: just a question: Why is Edge Image Builder monospaced? Is it something that you define in the yaml file or bash?

```suggestion
- Loading kernel modules at boot can be done using the corresponding `/etc/modprobe.d/module.conf` file. Create the corresponding `os-files` using the Edge Image Builder:
```
